This is a story about a boy named Andrew. When Andrew was 16, he grew restless with his life in Southern California and decided he needed an adventure. Much to the chagrin of his helicopter parents, he decided that over the course of the summer he was going to bike from Vancouver, through Washington, Oregon, and California, all the way to Mexico.  This is the story of his travels through those states.

A few days after heading out Andrew was having breakfast in a diner in Sedro-Wolley when a man walked
by his booth and knocked the salt shaker over, spilling on Andrew's scrambled eggs. Andrew was
very upset, as he was really enjoying those scrambled eggs and now they were all ruined and salty. He
got angry at the man and insisted that he buy him some new scrambled eggs. The man said there was no
way he was going to do that, since it was Andrew's fault that he put the salt shaker so close to
the edge of the table. Andrew felt incredibly distraught over his ruined eggs, and he started 
to cry. Feeling bad the man offered him a coupon to a local car wash instead. Andrew had a bike, not a car, but 
he still figured that was a pretty good deal so he took it and stopped crying. Andrew
made it through the rest of Washington to Portland without incident.

On his first day in Portland, Andrew thought he would visit his friend Cheri at Portland State University. He texted her
and she agreed to meeet up for coffee. She was excited that he was biking from Washington to Mexico and deicded that she
would skip a couple of days of school and join him on his trip. Her computer science teacher wasn't happy that she skipped
class but they thought that she might come up with some creative ideas for her next coding project while biking. 

Unfortunately, Cheri wasn't a planner, and didn't realize she needed a bike. Andrew never quite figured out
what her plan was, but they elected to sell his bike and buy some plane tickets to get them to Mexico, 
since Cheri only had a few days to go on this trip. 
